Hi guys, today I came for two more.
applications of lipsticks gave no
colombia coffee and and the other is
violet trend in color trend also the
12 button on your bought six reais each
and the one who is a brown people a complaint
that's how I'm going to talk about
havan lipsticks of this color trend line
is that the packaging of it dirty tone of the know
what they do is what they did in this
The packaging that the button ends up
without this transparent part
ends up smearing the complaint I see
many girls doing it is not just me or
the brown so pretty
Hey, how is it? It's not beautiful, now.
I 'll wear this one here I violet
trend it is also moisturizing and also
have faith pps that uses as he is people
packaging also contaminates all
lipsticks of this line cuts the indy are
so the whole packaging
He remembers that lilac lipstick if
collection summer collection
past the bright lilac
but it's a tone like that a little bit more
I think it's more closed while you file
while bright lilac is more open
I'll show the bright side to you.
which is the difference between them seem
more equal there is no difference that it is
It is clearer that it is more
packing your grandmother have to see this to him
So these are the lipsticks I have.
but the button to go out to try is if
You want snow, god, so I
experimenting button
I decided to open this space here for this
using some lipsticks is not reviewing
lipsticks I buy here if I have
it is interesting this type of video
let ino have liked it and even
the next air video has already forgotten to speak
about their duration is donation of the two
it's just does not last long does not have to
retouch 22 has to touch 1 but it goes